violence in Venezuela is spreading as
the people take to the streets to
protest lives are being lost what if
this spreads to your doorstep around the
world there have been military training
exercises on public streets without
warning a preparation for a new type of
war urban war zones congested metropolis
countless civilian lives at risk you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you
today we are going to look at Venezuela
and I want to expand on that let's move
into the first article basically this is
talking about the violence which has
erupted and overnight 12 people were
killed this is all during the looting
and the violence in this South American
nation's capital amid the spiraling
political crisis many people have taken
to the streets they are protesting
against Maduro they want this individual
who has attempted to seize control to
make the legislative branch obsolete
imagine where you live the Congress the
Parliament no longer exists so in the
u.s. instead of the gang of 535 you just
have an even smaller group of people
making the rules that's never a good
thing the more people making rules
potentially the better any time you're
going to have one person making the
rules I assure you things get a little
lopsided so we don't want to move in
that direction a connecter article with
that it's talking about more specifics
via Venezuelan riot police fire tear gas
and rubber bullets for a second day
Thursday to break up the protests by
Maduro x' opponents further inflaming
tensions we are looking right now at a
situation that has become critical it's
not on its way
to become critical I would say it is in
fact at this moment very very dangerous
for everyone that lives there I have
spoken to many people who are on the
streets right now who tell me about
what's happening and they're suffering
there are different reasons why this is
is going on today oil obviously playing
a role in that and there's more to that
in a moment
essentially what I want to say about
this plane and simply is that this could
occur in any city around the world
let me move into something here right
now San Francisco had a power outage
affecting nearly 90,000 business and
residential customers obviously this is
big the concern is that people are not
prepared if they had let's say backup
generators or even better yet some sort
of solar power they would be prepared
but ultimately the majority people
they're not prepared this is why I have
stressed this so much in the money GPS
strategy but essentially what we have
here is a common theme people not
prepared disaster strikes then the panic
comes the people Venezuela
generally in Caracas just like any other
major city they're not ready in case
something bad happens they weren't
growing that garden they didn't get the
backup generator or the solar panels
they thought they would do it at a later
time or perhaps they were just too
complacent or too ignorant Venezuela's
in the crisis right now a lot of people
are suffering they weren't prepared the
people of San Francisco probably in the
same situation now power gets restored
but what if that I wouldn't last it too
long or
what if it was like Hurricane Katrina
and people were released suffering
people didn't have basic facilities for
long periods of time then we have panic
then we have chaos and riots and looting
and then we have what always happens and
that is either the military or the
militarized police take to the streets
to restore order order out of chaos
DHS coordinates national level exercise
to prevent terrorist attacks with
federal state local tribal private
sector and international international
partners this is back from 2009 right
from the DHS own website this is what
they call NL e o9 national level
exercise 2009 this is just one of many I
have read many of these documents over
the years and they essentially have a
common theme your Liberty your freedom
gone out the window and they do so what
seems to me and it's made public and
many of the more current documents like
this that what they do what they do is
essentially prepare using the general
streets for people taking over
everything the asset seizure that occurs
the searches that occur on people loss
of Liberty and all of this because of a
potential crisis or a current crisis so
if there's a bomb goes off Boston
bombing they could knock on your door or
break it down come in do a search
looking for that individual and
that's just one example they use it as a
crisis any crisis as an opportunity look
at Hurricane Katrina where many many
people were suffering they use that as
an opportunity to go into the high-end
dry places and take people's guns away
and it was a known fact known fact that
innocent people died because of the
government's activities NORTHCOM
National Guard complete vigilant guard
17 this is fairly new information and
this is just one of many as I've said
but the point remains the same now is it
only in the US absolutely not
search for military exercise and the
name of your city or the name of your
province region or state - what have you
I sure you're going to come up with
something like this this is Canada where
everything is so wonderful and so nice
look at Toronto out of City news as
local TV we are not being invaded
that's a quote police apologize for
flippant tweet about military exercises
they literally put that in a tweet after
you had military riding around the lake
and you had them walking down the
streets carrying these guns now the guns
turns out they were actually fake guns
but to an individual just looking they
look like real guns and people get
spooked naturally so but of course you
can see that they really don't care you
have essentially army soldiers coming
down your streets you are going to be
free no you're not used to your
wondering what the heck has happened are
we being invaded and then they come out
with a tweet to inform people anyway
just wanted to show you it goes for all
cities around the world the military the
police they are preparing to take to the
streets for any form of crisis
this right here is from Wikipedia and it
is extremely detailed you probably can't
see the font is too small but
essentially what we have is a list of
riots just the bottom section there
that's 2017 you know that riots occur
regularly it isn't something that
happens once a year or once every ten
years they're occurring all the time
different cities around the world any of
these where you know it might just be a
couple people injured you have a spark
that has been lit and that could very
easily expand it something worse this is
an opportunity to be seized by the
powers that be now I'm going to switch
gears what we're talking about is the
economy and we wouldn't have a situation
had the economy truly been doing well
and there was prosperity in the nation
not just for a select few people actual
true prosperity this is occurring and
that is businesses are dying new ones
are being built but there are many
businesses which are not doing well you
do see particular companies doing
extremely well
take Apple as an example however you i
mean it's public people don't know this
but the central banks around the world
receive incentives I've done this
countless times receive incentives to
buy stocks they also buy pretty much
everything because they're just printing
up the money for free anyway and they
buy up these equities but are they
buying an entire index no they my
particular stocks those stocks are being
pushed to high high levels if you went
to any particular sector and you extract
the top few stocks I won't put an
Ronen you would have a very different
picture of the economy because it isn't
the whole sector doing well you have
what very much few winners and a lot of
losers but most people don't care
hopefully they're on the right side of
that trend and they're investing with
the winner 'right anyway this example is
just basically showing you all the
different stores that have been closing
the closing their brick-and-mortar
stores and they say that a lot of that
has to do with online shopping I do tend
to agree that online shopping is
definitely putting a detriment to the
brick-and-mortar type store I will
however say that a lot of this is due to
the global economy worsening there are
less people interested in this perhaps
they've maxed out on the amount of debt
they have maybe they are choosing to you
know save money at this time if they can
they're paying off their debt they are
cash-strapped all I know is that many
many stores have been closing then I get
into this actually it's a fantastic
article believe it or not out of the
Washington Post talking about Saudi
Arabia getting to a lot of detail if you
really want to know very briefly what's
happening in Saudi Arabia with the oil
with the connections in with the US and
the other countries as well
this article is worth your time
definitely worth your time I'll just
quickly go over this ever since oil was
discovered in the Arabian desert in 1938
Saudi Arabia has been the world's
premier Petro State and the dominant
force within the organization of the
Petroleum Exporting Countries OPEC right
flush with oil revenue this is check out
how different this is if you live in
let's say Canada u.s. you can flush with
oil revenue the country has had neither
income taxes nor corporate taxes while
bestowing on his people had had
subsidies for food and fuel and the
royal family has built spacious palaces
at home while swanky houses abroad at
places like London and yachts and South
of France so there's money there awash
with money and essentially what they're
saying is they are looking beyond oil
they want to change the pace they look
at the oil price right now it's thing
subdued for a period of time and they
want to get on with the show I believe
that they're heavily heavily invested
most of their revenue is coming from oil
and you see this year imagine if you as
an individual there was no income taxes
no corporate taxes and very important
things food and fuel what we spend most
of our money on are heavily subsidized
you would have so much free cash you
would be able to take that into the
economy spend it up you do well with it
you wouldn't just you know put all of it
under your mattress some people would
but eventually you would be able to
spend it into the economy so look how
different that is between many of the
places we live in but as the oil revenue
is reduced you see a little bit of a
change occurring and in fact they're
trying to get into new avenues what have
they decided well something that they've
done recently getting into the financial
world that's right and they want to even
open up their market a little bit to the
potential sale of a portion of their oil
this is huge obviously and they're
valuing it you know let's say trillions
of dollars what they say anyway I won't
dig any deeper what we're seeing out of
Saudi Arabia is very very critical most
importantly as I'm sure 99% of you know
the
petro dollar it's key the system is
supported in one way by the petrodollar
so it is key that we pay attention to
what's happening like I said if you want
a really descriptive article about Saudi
Arabia definitely check this out I'll
make sure it is in the description then
we move on last but not least I covered
this while it happened and now
officially the verdict has come through
and it is very sad a man who fought a
128 dollar ticket for what leaving his
car running was on the losing end of a
court case earlier this week and may
appeal the ruling what did he do he went
to start his car went back into his
house to get his girlfriend and his
two-year-old son and that 10 minutes or
so time the police officer came left the
ticket and took off why because they say
your car will be stolen if you do this
and it happens it definitely happens but
let me be very clear
this individual started his own car with
the money that he paid for filled up the
tank with gas his money that's his
property which is bought with his money
and it's his own decision but yet the
police ticketed him and he fought it in
court and he lost this is when you know
that everything is disintegrating the
society is rotten the economy is dying
in all major cities are at risk to be
consumed just like it is going on right
now in Venezuela if you found this video
informative
give me a thumbs up last but not least
if you found the video informative I
know you will find my books the money
GPS and my new release global economic
collapse even more informative in the
first book I get into the money GPS
formula essentially what we talk about
there is having your assets and I assure
you you don't need that much money to
pay for your expenses
once the assets exceed the expenses you
are living free
the next book the new book has what I
call the money GPS strategy and in the
strategy I talk about how to reduce your
expenses so these two meet in the middle
and you can become financially free
that's the goal it takes time to work at
it it's not easy but it is simple if
you're interested in looking through
these books just go over to Amazon the
link is in the description and you can
actually flip through the books for
yourself to see if you like them take
care